Link E2E example to docs (#1790)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/user-guide/advanced-guide/pipelining-features/hyper-parameter-tuning.md

the `select_model_step` finds which hyperparameters gave the best results or 
performance.

<details>

<summary>See it in action with the E2E example</summary>

> *To setup local environment used below follow recommendations from 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*To setup the local environment used below, follow recommendations from the
```

[Project templates](../../starter-guide/using-project-templates.md#advanced-guide).*

> In [`pipelines/training.py`](../../../../../examples/e2e/pipelines/training.py) you will find a training pipeline with 
> `Hyperparameter tuning stage` section. It contains a `for` loop over configured 
> model search spaces to run `hp_tuning_single_search` on followed by 
> `hp_tuning_select_best_model` executed after all search steps are completed. As 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [`pipelines/training.py`](../../../../../examples/e2e/pipelines/training.py), you will find a training pipeline with a
`Hyperparameter tuning stage` section. It contains a `for` loop that runs the `hp_tuning_single_search` over the configured model search spaces, followed by the
`hp_tuning_select_best_model` being executed after all search steps are completed. As 
```

        ...
```

<details>

<summary>See it in action with the E2E example</summary>

> *To setup local environment used below follow recommendations from 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*To setup the local environment used below, follow recommendations from the
```

[Project templates](../../starter-guide/using-project-templates.md#advanced-guide).*

> In `steps/hp_tuning` folder you will find two step files, which can be used 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `steps/hp_tuning` folder, you will find two step files, which can be used 
```

as a starting point for building your own hyperparameter search tailored 
specifically to your use case:
- [`hp_tuning_single_search(...)`](../../../../../examples/e2e/steps/hp_tuning/hp_tuning_single_search.py) is performing a randomized 

>     search for best model hyperparameters in configured space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    search for the best model hyperparameters in a configured space.
```

> - [`hp_tuning_select_best_model(...)`](../../../../../examples/e2e/steps/hp_tuning/hp_tuning_select_best_model.py) is searching for best hyperparameters,
>     looping other results of previous random searches to find best model according 
>     to defined metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`hp_tuning_select_best_model(...)`](../../../../../examples/e2e/steps/hp_tuning/hp_tuning_select_best_model.py) is searching for the best hyperparameters,
    looping other results of previous random searches to find the best model according 
    to a defined metric.
```
